Add air gap step for preparing velero images (#3442)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/snapshots-restoring-full.mdx

### Existing Clusters {#existing}

:::note

> If you are restoring to a healthy online or air-gapped cluster, you can skip reinstalling Velero and continue to running the `get backups` and `restore` commands in the last two steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are restoring to a healthy online cluster, you can skip reinstalling Velero and continue to running the `get backups` and `restore` commands in the last two steps.
```

:::

To restore a full backup in an existing cluster:

1. (Air Gap Only) For air-gapped environments, do the following to prepare the necessary Velero images so that you can install Velero in the target cluster:
     1. Download the following images to your local machine, tag them, then upload them to your local image registry:
         * The Velero image. See [Preparing the Velero Image](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#preparing-the-velero-image).

>          * The `velero/velero-plugin-for-aws:v1.5.3` plugin image. See [Preparing plugin images](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#preparing-plugin-images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * The `velero/velero-plugin-for-aws:$PLUGIN_VERSION` plugin image. See [Preparing plugin images](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#preparing-plugin-images).
```

To restore a full backup in an existing cluster:

> 

Author: Question:

How does this work for performing restores from the Admin Console in air-gapped environments? I only updated the CLI steps.

Reviewer: The preparing images step must still be done for air-gapped installation regardless of restoring from Admin Console or CLI.

1. (Air Gap Only) For clusters in air-gapped environments, do the following to prepare the necessary Velero images:
     1. Download the following images to your local machine, tag them, then upload them to your local image registry:
         * The Velero image. See [Preparing the Velero Image](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#preparing-the-velero-image).
         * The `velero/velero-plugin-for-aws:v1.5.3` plugin image. See [Preparing plugin images](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#preparing-plugin-images).

>          * The restore helper image. See [Preparing the restore helper image](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#preparing-the-restore-helper-image-optional).

Author: ^ I listed the Velero image, the AWS plugin image, and the restore helper image specifically.

Is this list of required images accurate?

I saw elsewhere in our docs that we require the AWS image. (For example, https://docs.replicated.com/enterprise/snapshots-configuring-nfs#install-velero-and-configure-nfs-storage-in-online-environments)

It also seemed important to clarify that you need to download, tag, and push the restore helper image, since it's marked as "optional" in the Velero docs.

Reviewer: Yes the required images are accurate. The restore helper is required for File System (Volume) backup.

1. (New or Unhealthy Clusters Only) In the cluster where you will do the restore, install a version of Velero that is compatible with the version that was used to make the snapshot backup.

    The Velero installation command varies depending on the storage destination for the backup. For the Velero installation command, see one of the following:

     * **Host Path:** See [Configuring a Host Path Storage Destination](snapshots-configuring-hostpath)
     * **NFS:** See [Configuring an NFS Storage Destination](snapshots-configuring-nfs) or  for the configuration steps and how to set up Velero.
     * **AWS, GCP, Azure, or other S3:** See [Configuring Other Storage Destinations](snapshots-storage-destinations). 

    :::note
    For air-gapped environments, be sure to point to the location of each image on your local image registry with the `velero install` command. For more information, see [Installing Velero](https://velero.io/docs/v1.16/on-premises/#installing-velero).

>     :::

Author: ^ I added this note about installing velero in air-gapped environments. based on the velero docs that I linked in this note, it appeared that users need to point to the location of each image in their local registry when they run velero install

Could use confirmation that this note is accurate/helpful

Reviewer: Yes this is accurate and helpful.
